Course project for Module 3: Getting and Cleaning Data
======================================================

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate the ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. 

This repo contains: 1) a R script called run_analysis.R, 2) a tidy data set generated by run_analysis.R, and 3) a code book called CodeBook.md that describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that were performed to clean up the data. 
      
One of the most exciting areas in all of data science right now is wearable computing. Companies like Fitbit, Nike, and Jawbone Up are racing to develop the most advanced algorithms to attract new users. 

The source data for run_analysis.R was taken from:

https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip 

It represents data collected from the accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone. A full description is available at the site where the data was obtained: 

http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones 

The run_analysis.R does the following: 
1) Read data 
   a) Download and unzip the source zip file.
   b) Prepare names of activities and column headers of measurements for use later.
   c) Process the test set
      1) Read the Subjects in the test set
      2) Read the Activities of the Subjects in the test set
      3) Read the Measurements of each Subject/Activities in the test set
      4) Label the 3 test data sets above with descriptive variabe/column names.   
   d) Process the training set similarly
      1) Read the Subjects in the training set
      2) Read the Activities of the Subjects in the training set
      3) Read the Measurements of each Subject/Activities in the training set
      4) Label the 3 training data sets above with descriptive variabe/column names.
2) Merge the training and the test sets to create one data set.
3) Use descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
4) Extract only measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement by
   extracting measurements that contain "mean()" or "std()" in their descriptions.
5) Create a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each
   activity and each subject.
6) Output the tidy data set as "tidy data.txt"


